[MUSIC]
[SOUND]
>> Module
we'll start out by talking
about basic electronics.
So in typical IOT devices there
are hardware components and
software components that
have to work together.
On the hardware side you'll have
to make some simple circuits.
So we'll talk a little bit about
electronics to give you the idea, and
to give you the understanding that you
need to make these simple circuits.
We'll talk about the basic components
of resistors, and the diodes, LEDs,
that sort of thing, switches,
push buttons, batteries and
power supplies that type of thing.
So we'll talk about those.
We'll talk about the basic concepts,
voltage, resistance, current.
We'll talk about Ohm's Law to relate all
those together so that you can do things
like say you're gonna make a circuit,
you wanna drive an LED,
you need to figure out what
resistance you need, what resistors.
So we'll talk about that.
Also we'll show you how to
wire these things together.
That's another important thing, is that
going from the concept of what the circuit
should be, down to the actual circuit.
We'll talk about that.
So we'll look at bred boards, and
how wiring is actually done
inside these circuits.
And how to read a schematic, and
also how to write a schematic
that describes the circuits that you wanna
build, or that you wanna have built.
Thank you.
[MUSIC]